== tm_helper

Some useful utilities for Ruby development in TextMate.

== Features

* Formats +puts+ output when running RSpec specs in TextMate using the RSpec TextMate bundle.
  * Namely, it escapes HTML and converts +\n+ characters to +<br/>+.
  * This is useful when using +puts+ to debug code while running specs in TextMate.
* Supports forcing of logs to the Textmate window.
  * Defining TM_SHOW_LOGS in your TextMate Preferences->Shell Variables will cause all logs issued using the Logger class be to redirected to the TextMate runner window.
  * This is useful when you want to see your application's logs while running an RSpec spec in TextMate.

== Installation

Include tm_helper into your Gemfile.

  gem 'tm_helper'

== Usage

Simply use +puts+ as you would normally.  Output will be automatically formatted when running in an RSpec window.

Define TM_SHOW_LOGS in your TextMate Preferences->Shell Variables to cause Logger logs issued by your application be to redirected to the TextMate runner window.

=== Advanced Usage

To test whether your code is running in TextMate, use the +running_in_textmate?+ function:

  if TmHelper.running_in_textmate? 
    puts "I am running in TextMate."
  end
  
To test whether your spec is being executed using the RSpec TextMate bundle, use the +running_rspec_bundle?+ function:

  if TmHelper.running_rspec_bundle? 
    puts "I am running in TextMate with the RSpec TextMate bundle loaded."
  end
  
== NOTES

== LICENSE

  Copyright 2010 Capital Thought, LLC

  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use any part of this software or its source code except
  in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License.


